there's certain moments in my career
that I remember but they weren't
necessarily game-winning like one time
in a tournament I was shooting a ball
the eight ball of all things and the
spider came down and dropped on the
black and a black spider dropped on the
eight ball as I was getting ready to
shoot and I was like are you serious I
mean it was just very good and meanwhile
I don't want to hit it because that I'm
gonna crush the spider but the spider
wouldn't go again I'm like go spiders
just don't care at all they're not gonna
like suddenly scurry away just kind of
sat there and I'm at a tournament and
I'm going what what do I do here you
know you can't touch the ball you can't
you know if you touch the spider spider
ball you know it's very uncomfortable
there was another time when I was paying
for $68,000 against Allison Fisher and I
do a shot and the ball jumped up onto
off the table onto the rail went like
this when kept going and just stopped at
the pocket and dropped it was very
strange because we're like does that can
it stick can you come up off the table
onto the rail and then then that
happened another time and it just stayed
there it didn't go back on the table and
it didn't go in the pocket it was just
yeah so there's there's odd things that
have happened but I can't say it's so
memorable for me because it was great
the the greatest term in everyone was
the world Games in 2001 and I just come
off a back surgery and my eye got very
little notice from our Federation that
our association that I was going to
represent the United States in the first
ever Olympic World Games and so we'd
been fighting for years for it to become
an Olympic sport and for it to be
recognized and in fact when they went to
speak to that with the USOC in front of
the International Olympic Committee to
explain why did we think this is a sport
like not a game prove it to us explain
to us what makes you more than a game of
chess you know I mean it what you know
what what makes you think this and I was
actually there were two officials and me
they had the black widow come and speak
to them and we got accepted as an
Olympic sport but it still took about
three years
before they put us in competition and we
thought it would be it would be just
going to demonstration sport and
exhibition games and then we found out
no we're gonna compete for medal we're
gonna compete in the world games so but
I only had a few months and I was just
freaked out and my dad has been sending
for years you need to win a gold medal
for Korea you know come on what are you
gonna be in the limbic scuzz I told him
it was in it I said dad it's not
yeah I'm American it's gonna be a u.s.
Co but all the Koreans know you know I'm
like dad we're American you know doesn't
matter the Queen's know the Queen's know
I'm okay dad but anyway that was a phone
call that I made to my dad you know cuz
we're not real real tight we love each
other respect each other but he's just
one of those guys that woke up in the
morning
works hard comes home watches TV goes to
bed you know he's just very methodical
person that just does things very you
know a certain way but it was the one
thing hey we wouldn't be in the Olympics
when you're gonna win you know and then
the fact that I went finally and then
won it it just stuck out and and so the
last nine ball when I knew but it was
not a fantastic shot I was just almost
rated nine ball it wasn't like some
glory shot then you had to come with
that was really tough I'd run a nice
table and it up straighten the nut in
further nighttime I couldn't breathe
made it and I just remember this feeling
and then eventually getting up on that
stage and I I've won a lot of
tournaments but it was always in a pool
billiard atmosphere this was incredible
there were teams see a sea of
international teams in all of their
outfits you know with their flags of all
different sports and they were doing
something and I don't know why I wasn't
prepared for it but they they had us on
the podium and we're just waiting and
then suddenly you know the the American
national anthem came up and I was just
and we're in Japan a key to Japan and I
noticed everyone stopped there looking
at me and everyone did this
of all the countries did that and
recognized as the US flag was raised
above the second
third place flags and it was just and
you're listening to the anthem and
everyone's just cheering and you know
and I was just looking to grab ah that
was terrible I was like what it was so
crying this is a great moment in jail ah
so it was incredible
I'll remember that forever